
The ZOOM Platform currently has no easy way to determine what games have been recently added.

ZOOM Checker.exe has been developed for that shortfall.

See the update version history at the end of this text file.

LEGEND OF COLORS
----------------
Pale Pink and Pale Green are base row colors (odd & even row numbers).
FUCHSIA (Pink) indicates a NEW game added to the list.
OLIVE indicates a game not returned in last CHECK. Game may have been RENAMED or REMOVED by ZOOM.
LIME (Green) indicates the game has DROPPED in price.
RED indicates the game has INCREASED in price.
YELLOW indicates the game has been marked as a FAVORITE.
SKYBLUE indicates the game has been marked as OWNED, either at ZOOM or elsewhere.
BLACK indicates a game has been marked for REMOVAL, but APPLY hasn't been clicked.

HOW TO USE
----------
(Part 1 - Original Method)
1. Go to the ZOOM Platform website.
2. Select the 'GAMES' tab. GO button also does this.
3. Scroll the list of games until all have been shown. TAB button does this when clicked repeatedly.
4. Save the web page to file (i.e. Zoom Platform.html). SAVE button does this.
5. Start the 'ZOOM Checker.exe' program.
6. Go to Part 2.

(Part 1 - TAB or LOAD Method)
Start the 'ZOOM Checker.exe' program.
(Part 1 - LOAD Method only)
If 'One TAB' is not enabled, then right-click the GO button and enable that option.
(Part 1 - TAB or LOAD Method)
1. Click the GO button.
2. Wait until Games page has finished loading (scrollbar is best indicator of this).
(Part 1 - TAB Method only)
1. Click the TAB button.
2. Wait until next section has finished loading (scrollbar is best indicator of this).
3. Click the TAB button again (wait & repeat) until it becomes a SAVE button.
(Part 1 - LOAD Method only)
1. Click the LOAD button.
2. Wait until all game sections have finished loading (scrollbar is best indicator of this).
(Part 1 - TAB or LOAD Method)
1. Check all sections have loaded, and manually scroll if not.
2. Click the SAVE button to save the web page of games to file.
NOTES - A READ button state is now also available. See the version (v1.4) notes at the end of this text file. To gain access to READ, you need to have set a save folder path and enabled its use, and then you no longer need to continue on to Part 2, because you can click the READ button instead.

(Part 2)
1. Drag & drop your saved file (Zoom Platform.html) onto the drop area of 'ZOOM Checker'.
2. Wait while titles are being extracted and then displayed.

ADVICE
------
The GO button has three states - GO, TAB or LOAD, SAVE.
Holding down CTRL while clicking the GO button cycles those states.
Each state gives a colored status message.
Cycle the states if you need to repeat or skip one.

IMPORTANT
---------
Don't rush, wait for the web page to complete loading, before clicking the TAB or LOAD button.
Scrollbar of the web page at right, is a good indicator of page or section having finished loading.
You may need to do an additional TAB button click to have it change to SAVE (or cycle it).

NOTES
-----
The 'ZOOM Checker' program is a floating dropbox, that will remember its screen position when closed.
The 'ZOOM Checker' program creates two files - Games.txt and Games.ini.
Games.txt is an alphanumeric listing of all games discovered.
Games.ini is also alphanumeric for the most part, but on subsequent runs of the program any newer game titles will appear at the end. It is also a record of games that may no longer exist.
The 'ZOOM Checker' program creates a third file on subsequent runs - Oldgames.txt.
Oldgames.txt is the previous 'Games.txt' file, and can be considered a backup.

The DISPLAY button on the dropbox, opens the 'Games.ini' file in the Display Viewer, where the most recent additions at the ZOOM Platform website, will be displayed last. Date of original discovery is displayed in the third column, with any subsequent (current) check date displayed after (shown in brackets). First row entry is the number of game titles listed. Last row entry is the number of game titles currently found versus number listed.

The date in the DATE column of the Display Viewer, is also a way of checking for games that no longer exist at the the ZOOM Platform.

The 'Titles List' option opens the 'Games.txt' file in your default text file viewer (i.e. Notepad).
The entries in the 'Games.txt' file will always be in complete alphanumeric order, but the most recent game title additions, will have the text ' (NEW)' after the name, which you can easily search for.
Game titles no longer existing at the ZOOM Platform, won't appear in this file.

ZOOM Checker.exe can also be used from the command-line, so you could create a Registry right-click entry for it with HTML files if you wished, instead of using drag & drop with the floating dropbox.

-----------------------------------------------------------

v1.3 Update Notes
-----------------
The 'Titles List' button has been changed to a combo (dropdown) field, with three viewing options. The first (Titles List) is for the 'Game.txt' file. The other two options are for viewing text files created on-the-fly, to display games removed or added to the ZOOM Platform since last check.

v1.4 Update Notes
-----------------
The GO button now has another state - READ. It also has a SETTINGS window, accessed via that entry in the combo dropdown field. On the SETTINGS window, you can now specify a save folder path, and enable some further automation with some of the other options. Maximum limited automation can be achieved by also specifying the Save Dialog window title. For me that title with Chrome is 'Save As'. See basic instructions via the 'I' (Information) button on the SETTINGS window. You will still need to manually click the SAVE button on the Save Dialog window, but at least you no longer need to browse to the save folder. With the READ button, you also no longer need to use drag & drop if the save folder path and 'Zoom Platform.html' file exists in that folder. NOTE - For the READ button to appear as a state, you need to have set the save folder path, and enabled its use. If enabled, the full save folder and file name are also always copied to the clipboard, even with maximum automation.

v1.5 Update Notes
-----------------
BUGFIX fo games no longer being detected. Added more checking routines to avoid this going undetected again (oops). The 'Games.ini' file gets backed up, overwriting last backup, each time the program extracts the latest listed games from the saved web page.

v1.6 Update Notes
-----------------
Major Update, with the program being completely re-worked.
Program now has a full GUI window and full retrieval automation.
This program downloads (checks for) a list of all games available at the ZOOM Platform store. It also keeps a record of important changes to a game (removal, rename, price). Results are displayed and can be sorted, with various indicators and options, including obtaining and exporting summary & image file for the selected game. Favorites and Ownership can be specified per game, including store name.

v1.7 Update Notes
-----------------
Bugfix for unwanted spaces in a game name. LEGEND OF COLORS added near the start of this text file.

v1.8 Update Notes
-----------------
Bugfix for unwanted commas due to the addition of three more fields (Slug,Developers,Publishers - all unused by this program). Added a button to open the program folder, and another to go to the ZOOM Platform store ... CHECK button was resized to accommodate.

v1.9 Update Notes
-----------------
Bugfix for missing Start price, including a Low and Prior prices check and update.
