
The ZOOM Platform currently has no easy way to determine what games have been recently added.

ZOOM Checker.exe has been developed for that shortfall.

HOW TO USE
----------
(Part 1 - Original Method)
1. Go to the ZOOM Platform website.
2. Select the 'GAMES' tab. GO button also does this.
3. Scroll the list of games until all have been shown. TAB button does this when clicked repeatedly.
4. Save the web page to file (i.e. Zoom Platform.html). SAVE button does this.
5. Start the 'ZOOM Checker.exe' program.
6. Go to Part 2.

(Part 1 - TAB or LOAD Method)
Start the 'ZOOM Checker.exe' program.
(Part 1 - LOAD Method only)
If 'One TAB' is not enabled, then right-click the GO button and enable that option.
(Part 1 - TAB or LOAD Method)
1. Click the GO button.
2. Wait until Games page has finished loading (scrollbar is best indicator of this).
(Part 1 - TAB Method only)
1. Click the TAB button.
2. Wait until next section has finished loading (scrollbar is best indicator of this).
3. Click the TAB button again (wait & repeat) until it becomes a SAVE button.
(Part 1 - LOAD Method only)
1. Click the LOAD button.
2. Wait until all game sections have finished loading (scrollbar is best indicator of this).
(Part 1 - TAB or LOAD Method)
1. Check all sections have loaded, and manually scroll if not.
2. Click the SAVE button to save the web page of games to file.

(Part 2)
1. Drag & drop your saved file (Zoom Platform.html) onto the drop area of 'ZOOM Checker'.
2. Wait while titles are being extracted and then displayed.

ADVICE
------
The GO button has three states - GO, TAB or LOAD, SAVE.
Holding down CTRL while clicking the GO button cycles those states.
Each state gives a colored status message.
Cycle the states if you need to repeat or skip one.

IMPORTANT
---------
Don't rush, wait for the web page to complete loading, before clicking the TAB or LOAD button.
Scrollbar of the web page at right, is a good indicator of page or section having finished loading.
You may need to do an additional TAB button click to have it change to SAVE (or cycle it).

NOTES
-----
The 'ZOOM Checker' program is a floating dropbox, that will remember its screen position when closed.
The 'ZOOM Checker' program creates two files - Games.txt and Games.ini.
Games.txt is an alphanumeric listing of all games discovered.
Games.ini is also alphanumeric for the most part, but on subsequent runs of the program any newer game titles will appear at the end. It is also a record of games that may no longer exist.
The 'ZOOM Checker' program creates a third file on subsequent runs - Oldgames.txt.
Oldgames.txt is the previous 'Games.txt' file, and can be considered a backup.

The DISPLAY button on the dropbox, opens the 'Games.ini' file in the Display Viewer, where the most recent additions at the ZOOM Platform website, will be displayed last. Date of original discovery is displayed in the third column, with any subsequent (current) check date displayed after (shown in brackets). First row entry is the number of game titles listed. Last row entry is the number of game titles currently found versus number listed.

The date in the DATE column of the Display Viewer, is also a way of checking for games that no longer exist at the the ZOOM Platform.

The 'Titles List' option opens the 'Games.txt' file in your default text file viewer (i.e. Notepad).
The entries in the 'Games.txt' file will always be in complete alphanumeric order, but the most recent game title additions, will have the text ' (NEW)' after the name, which you can easily search for.
Game titles no longer existing at the ZOOM Platform, won't appear in this file.

ZOOM Checker.exe can also be used from the command-line, so you could create a Registry right-click entry for it with HTML files if you wished, instead of using drag & drop with the floating dropbox.

v1.3 Update Notes
-----------------
The 'Titles List' button has been changed to a combo (dropdown) field, with three viewing options. The first (Titles List) is for the 'Game.txt' file. The other two options are for viewing text files created on-the-fly, to display games removed or added to the ZOOM Platform since last check.
